hey guys so happy spring to all of you
at the day I'm filming this video it is
the first day of spring and I think that
is super exciting and leads me into the
video I'm going to be filming for you
guys today so soon for you all I'm going
to be filming a makeup tutorial in a
hair tutorial and I'm sporting both of
those looks right now I love kind of
changing up my makeup in spring I like
to keep things looking really fresh and
natural and just carefree in the spring
I like to do very minimal makeup and
just kind of highlight my features so I
just kept the makeup very light it's
very simple I think it's really pretty
and perfect for the spring and
summertime and then for my hair and yes
number one I did get it cut so that's
why it looks a little different probably
but i am going to be filming a hair
tutorial on this kind of just loose
carefree textured pc hairstyle because
i'm noticing this is going to be a huge
trend for this coming spring so many
people are wearing their hair just kind
of in this loose toss old manor with
kind of just a texture to it and i took
a lot of inspiration from Julian ha
because or ha hoo how we however you say
or less anything it's Julian huh but I
might be butchering that he always just
kind of has that perfect really loose
not quite curled just PCB texture I
think this hairstyle could work great on
long or short hair I just think it's fun
and easy and carefree for the spring and
summertime so if you guys are interested
in seeing how I achieve this makeup
tutorial and this hair tutorial then you
can go ahead and stay tuned so as always
I'm going to be starting with my freshly
cleanse tone and moisturise face
with my L'Oreal BB cream which you guys
know I love I use it in every single
tutorial I'm going to go ahead and dot
this onto my skin and then blend it out
with my fingers and you guys know the
spiel I just love this beauty cream and
I think it's the best thing in the world
with my new favorite concealer in the
whole entire universe this Chanel
concealer I'm gonna put this under my
eyes and then I'm going to blend it out
with my ring finger and this concealer
is amazing it stays put it does increase
and it gives amazing coverage it has the
coolest texture and I just absolutely
love it
since I'm not going to be using
eyeshadow I'm going to take my NYX
eyeshadow base and nude and put this on
my lids and up to my brow bone just to
even out my lids and get out any redness
or discoloration I might be having
now it's time to go through the drill of
filling in the eyebrows to taking my
lorac creamy brow pencil in auburn i'm
going to go ahead and brush through my
eyebrows then lightly fill them in just
to define them a little bit more
with my steel a smudge stick waterproof
eyeliner in damsel which is a nice deep
brown color I'm going to tight line my
eyes with this and this is the main
focal point of this look just tight
lining your eyes and I really like tight
lining my upper waterline because it
gives nice definition and kind of makes
your eyelashes look a little darker and
just really makes your eyes stand out a
lot more from my naked basics palette
I'm going to take the color Venus and
apply this as my inner corner highlight
and this is the best interquartile
highlight I've ever used it makes my
eyes pop so much and really just adds a
nice awake look to your eyes send with
my Maybelline in the rocket volume
Express mascara I'm going to apply one
coat of this to my upper lashes to
finish off the eyes
here are the finished natural effortless
eyes I think this look is perfect for
the springtime and I just love it so
then taking my NYX cream blush Rouge and
natural I'm going to pop this on to my
cheeks and I really like this because
since it is a cream it gives a nice dewy
finish which i think is perfect for the
springtime and with my Urban Decay d
slick powder I'm going to go ahead and
set my cheese own to prevent any oils
from popping up during the day with my
L'Oreal blushing sequins lipstick which
is a nice neon pink color I'm going to
go ahead and apply this on to my lips
and this has a balm consistency so I
really like it and then taking my
Maybelline me on lipstick in the color
vivid rose I'm going to go ahead and pop
this on to the center of my lips and
then just blend it out with my fingers
just to give my lips and even more
bright pop so here is my finished
springtime makeup look so I'm going to
start out with just my natural texture
then going in with my flat iron which is
my turbo tools flat iron I'm going to go
ahead and do the same thing I did when I
curled my hair with a flat iron I'm just
going to go ahead and take random
sections of hair and wrap them around
the iron pulling away from my face and
as you can see I'm kind of dropping out
the bottom and that just gives a really
cool texture to your hair it doesn't
quite make it curly but it doesn't quite
make it straight it just gives it a fun
toss old pc texture so i'm going to do
that on both sides unto the back of my
hair at going away from my face leaving
out the ends just kind of giving it that
fun pc texture
using my bumble and bumble sea salt
spray which i think is perfect for this
video and this type of hair i'm going to
go ahead and just spray this through my
hair to give it kind of more of a pc
beachy texture and then i'm just going
to wrap up my hair and piece it out and
this really helps just accentuate that
fun texture then taking this flower
headband i'm just going to go ahead and
put this in my hair and i think this
really adds to the look and just makes
it more fun and springy now i'm just
going to go ahead and touch up any
pieces that i want to touch up and then
this is the finished hair look I think
it's great for the springtime it's
effortless natural and I just think it's
really cute and super fun
ok guys so as you can see i like to keep
things basic and simple for the spring i
really like to let my skin kind of show
off and breathe because it's been so
masked by make up all winter that i
really just like to let it be natural
and just really fresh looking and i
really like this hairstyle i think it's
cute toss old easy and i think you're
going to see a lot of people wearing it
this spring and yeah i really hope you
guys enjoyed this video be sure to leave
any requests you guys have down in the
comments below and i will talk to you
guys in a little bit bye guys